[WIP!] Update lizard docs (#16)
nens/lizard-docs: source/f_servicesupport.rst

===================
Self Service Portal
===================

> Nelen & Schuurmans provide a Service Desk function via https://nelen-schuurmans.topdesk.net/, The Nelen & Schuurmans Self Service Portal shall be available 24/7.

Reviewer: "shall be" => "is"?

The Service Desk giving support on all Lizard products for Lizard customers.

> Customers can reach telephonic support (Prio 1) on working days from 09:00 - 17:00 (CEST) excluding the days declared as dutch public holiday close days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers can reach telephonic support (Prio 1) on working days from 09:00 - 17:00 (CEST) excluding the days declared as Dutch public holidays.
```

The initiative for determining urgency lies primarily with the applicant.
The levels are:

> * **Prio 1 (high):** Lizard functionality is completely unavailable or inaccessible. The situation requires immediate attention. The work and/or management processes are hindered or the Client's importance is large with no workaround possible.

Reviewer: "the Client's importance": daar staat dat het ervan afhangt of de klant belangrijk is.
Wat er bedoeld wordt is denk ik "the importance to the client"?
